README.md, before:

# Falco Plugin Rust SDK - Rustlings Rustlings 🦀

## Introduction

The [Falco Plugin Rust SDK](https://github.com/falcosecurity/plugin-sdk-rs/) allows you to write custom plugins for [Falco](https://falco.org/), an open-source runtime security tool.

The goal of this project is to walk you through the [Falco Plugin architecture](https://falco.org/docs/plugins/architecture/) and help you get started with writing plugins using the Rust SDK.

### The Rustlings project

This repository has been set up as third-party Rustlings exercises.
Rustlings is a project that teaches you interactively, with small exercises that you can complete in your own time.

Follow the official instructions](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustlings) to install Rustlings, then clone this repository, open a terminal in this directory and run `rustlings` to get started with the exercises 🚀

## Exercises

The exercises are designed to be completed in order, with each one building on concepts from the previous ones. If you get stuck, refer to the resources section for help.

## Resources
|                                     |                                                                       |
| ----------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Falco Documentation                 | https://falco.org/docs/                                               |
| Falco Plugin Architecture           | https://falco.org/docs/plugins/architecture/                          |
| Falco Plugin Rust SDK               | https://github.com/falcosecurity/plugin-sdk-rs/                       |
| Falco Plugin Rust SDK Documentation | https://falcosecurity.github.io/plugin-sdk-rs/falco_plugin/index.html |
| Journald plugin for Falco           | https://github.com/gnosek/falco-journald-plugin                       |

Commit message:

chore(README): add TODO explanation and fix typo
Signed-off-by: Adam Roberts <adam.roberts@sysdig.com>

README.md, after:

# Falco Plugin Rust SDK - Rustlings Rustlings 🦀

## Introduction

The [Falco Plugin Rust SDK](https://github.com/falcosecurity/plugin-sdk-rs/) allows you to write custom plugins for [Falco](https://falco.org/), an open-source runtime security tool.

The goal of this project is to walk you through the [Falco Plugin architecture](https://falco.org/docs/plugins/architecture/) and help you get started with writing plugins using the Rust SDK.

### The Rustlings project

This repository has been set up as third-party Rustlings exercises.
Rustlings is a project that teaches you interactively, with small exercises that you can complete in your own time.

Follow the official [instructions](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustlings) to install Rustlings, then clone this repository, open a terminal in this directory and run `rustlings` to get started with the exercises 🚀

## Exercises

The exercises are designed to be completed in order, with each one building on concepts from the previous ones. If you get stuck, refer to the resources section for help.

Similar to the core `rustlings` exercises, you will need to search for `TODO` and `todo!()` to discover the areas that need to be changed.

## Resources
|                                     |                                                                       |
| ----------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Falco Documentation                 | https://falco.org/docs/                                               |
| Falco Plugin Architecture           | https://falco.org/docs/plugins/architecture/                          |
| Falco Plugin Rust SDK               | https://github.com/falcosecurity/plugin-sdk-rs/                       |
| Falco Plugin Rust SDK Documentation | https://falcosecurity.github.io/plugin-sdk-rs/falco_plugin/index.html |
| Journald plugin for Falco           | https://github.com/gnosek/falco-journald-plugin                       |
